Well, the advanced future of dynamic language is
exactly the mirror image of the advantage of a compiled language.
You can get to run quickly,
and you can run all kinds of things even if they're not completely correct.
So say, if you're doing a series of experiments with some data,
generate some data, display it, generate data,
change the algorithm, run it with a smaller dataset;
it doesn't matter if it's 10 times or 50 times slower.
But it is really nice that you don't have to go through the compiler step and
wait 30 seconds or half an hour to get the optimal code completely checked.
So if you're doing sort of interactive experimental stuff;
a dynamically checked language,
JavaScript or Python or something like that,
has an obvious and simple advantage.
On the other hand, implement something like JavaScript.
You want to write a JavaScript engine,
where do you write it in? C++ of course.
So you don't actually ever use a system that only uses one language.
For big systems, that time went 30 or 40 years ago.
You use combinations of languages,
and professionals know more than one language
so they can pick the right one for the task.
Trend is getting hard,
but as you get older,
you pick them up anyway.
But let's start out with 3-5 and then you may feel that you can do something.